c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\.msCoverageSourceRootsMapping_Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping_Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.deps.json
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.pdb
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Bogus.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Castle.Core.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\FluentAssertions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\FluentValidation.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\MediatR.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\MediatR.Contracts.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\NSubstitute.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\OneOf.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Roslynator.Core.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Roslynator.Testing.Common.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Roslynator.Testing.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Roslynator.Testing.CSharp.Xunit.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Enrichers.Environment.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Enrichers.ExceptionData.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Exceptions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Exceptions.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Expressions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Extensions.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Formatting.Compact.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Settings.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.Debug.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Application.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Common.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Domain.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.ORM.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Domain.pdb
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Application.pdb
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.ORM.pdb
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\bin\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Common.pdb
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.De.64BAE37D.Up2Date
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.dll
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.pdb
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\wilks\OneDrive\Documentos\APRENDENDO A PROGRAMAR\PROJETOS\desafioMouts\template\backend\tests\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Ambev.DeveloperEvaluation.Unit.dll
